.verb.md, before:

# {%=name%}

[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/stefanwalther/{%=name%}.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/stefanwalther/{%=name%}/tree/master)

> {%=description%}

---

## Install

```sh
$ docker pull stefanwalther/sense-go
```

## Run

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go <PARAMS>
```

To execute the `build` task, use:

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go build
```

To run the build task and pass the `-d` (debug) parameter to sense-go, use:

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go "build -d"
```


## Version

Versioning of this docker image is in par with the version used of [sense-go](https://github.com/stefanwalther/sense-go).

## Configuration

Have a look at the [sense-go](https://github.com/stefanwalther/sense-go) repository for further configuration options and build tasks.


## Author
{%= docs("author") %}

## License
{%= license %}

***

{%= include("footer") %}

Commit message:

docs: add link to versions on Docker Hub

.verb.md, after:

# {%=name%}

[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/stefanwalther/{%=name%}.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/stefanwalther/{%=name%}/tree/master)

> {%=description%}

---

## Install

```sh
$ docker pull stefanwalther/sense-go
```

or use a specific version

```sh
$ docker pull stefanwalther/sense-go:0.14.11
```

The available versions are listed [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/stefanwalther/sense-go/tags/) 

## Run

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go <PARAMS>
```

To execute the `build` task, use:

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go build
```

To run the build task and pass the `-d` (debug) parameter to sense-go, use:

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go "build -d"
```


## Version

Versioning of this docker image is in par with the version used of [sense-go](https://github.com/stefanwalther/sense-go).

## Configuration

Have a look at the [sense-go](https://github.com/stefanwalther/sense-go) repository for further configuration options and build tasks.


## Author
{%= docs("author") %}

## License
{%= license %}

***

{%= include("footer") %}
