README.md, before:

# docker-sense-go

[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/stefanwalther/docker-sense-go.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/stefanwalther/docker-sense-go/tree/master)

> Docker image to run sense-go.

---

## Install

```sh
$ docker pull stefanwalther/sense-go
```

## Run

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go <PARAMS>
```

To execute the `build` task, use:

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go build
```

To run the build task and pass the `-d` (debug) parameter to sense-go, use:

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go "build -d"
```

## Version

Versioning of this docker image is in par with the version used of [sense-go](https://github.com/stefanwalther/sense-go).

## Configuration

Have a look at the [sense-go](https://github.com/stefanwalther/sense-go) repository for further configuration options and build tasks.

## Author
**Stefan Walther**

* [twitter](http://twitter.com/waltherstefan)  
* [github.com/stefanwalther](http://github.com/stefanwalther) 
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stefanwalther/) 
* [qliksite.io](http://qliksite.io)

## License
MIT

***

_This file was generated by [verb-generate-readme](https://github.com/verbose/verb-generate-readme), v0.6.0, on August 12, 2018._

Commit message:

docs: add link to versions on Docker Hub

README.md, after:

# docker-sense-go

[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/stefanwalther/docker-sense-go.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/stefanwalther/docker-sense-go/tree/master)

> Docker image to run sense-go.

---

## Install

```sh
$ docker pull stefanwalther/sense-go
```

or use a specific version

```sh
$ docker pull stefanwalther/sense-go:0.14.11
```

The available versions are listed [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/stefanwalther/sense-go/tags/) 

## Run

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go <PARAMS>
```

To execute the `build` task, use:

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go build
```

To run the build task and pass the `-d` (debug) parameter to sense-go, use:

```sh
$ docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/opt/sense-go stefanwalther/sense-go "build -d"
```

## Version

Versioning of this docker image is in par with the version used of [sense-go](https://github.com/stefanwalther/sense-go).

## Configuration

Have a look at the [sense-go](https://github.com/stefanwalther/sense-go) repository for further configuration options and build tasks.

## Author
**Stefan Walther**

* [twitter](http://twitter.com/waltherstefan)  
* [github.com/stefanwalther](http://github.com/stefanwalther) 
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stefanwalther/) 
* [qliksite.io](http://qliksite.io)

## License
MIT

***

_This file was generated by [verb-generate-readme](https://github.com/verbose/verb-generate-readme), v0.6.0, on August 12, 2018._
